.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH keysync 1 "2012 Apr 21"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
keysync \- convert OTR key info between different formats
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B keysync
.RI [options]
.RI [path]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B keysync
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBkeysync\fP is a program for converting the various OTR file formats between
each other.  KeySync works with the two major OTR keystore versions: libotr
format and otr4j, and then a few variants of those major formats.  There is
some preliminary support for pure-python-otr keystores.

It can read and write the OTR keystore formats from Adium, ChatSecure, IRSSI,
Jitsi, Pidgin, and XChat.  It can also read some data from Gajim and GnuPG,
but that is not yet fully implemented.

For syncing the OTR data to ChatSecure on an Android device, use
\fBkeysync-gui\fP.

.SH WARNING!
This is beta software, do not rely on it for strong identity verification.  It
is unlikely to mess up so bad as to produce compromised secret keys, but
anything is possible.  Also, keep in mind that program is handling your
private OTR keys, so careful with the files produced with keysync!  That said,
testing and feedback is greatly appreciated, so we can get it to the point
where it can be fully trusted.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, --help
show this help message and exit
.TP
.B \-i, --input {adium,chatsecure,gajim,gpg,irssi,jitsi,pidgin,xchat}
specify which programs to take as input. if multiple then they'll be merged (default: pidgin)
.TP
.B \-o, --output {adium,chatsecure,gajim,irssi,jitsi,pidgin,xchat}
specify which format to write out. if multiple then
each will be written out (default: chatsecure)
.TP
.B \--output-folder OUTPUT_FOLDER
write the output files to this folder (default: current folder)
.TP
.B \--no-qrcode
do not print the ChatSecure QR Code to the terminal
.TP
.B \-q, --quiet
do not print anything to the terminal
.TP
.B \--version
show program's version number and exit
.SH AUTHOR
keysync was written by The Guardian Project <support@guardianproject.info>.
.PP
