.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH otrfileconverter 1 "2012 Apr 21"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
otrfileconverter \- convert OTR key info between different formats
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B otrfileconverter
.RI [options]
.RI [path]
.br
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B otrfileconverter
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics,
.\" respectively.
\fBotrfileconverter\fP is a program for converting the various OTR
file formats between each other.  We are focusing on two major
versions: libotr format and otr4j, and then a few variants of those
major formats.

It reads Adium, IRSSI, Jitsi, and Pidgin formats and converts to
Gibberbot format.  It will produce an 'otr_keystore' file, that
Gibberbot can use directly.  To install that file using adb, do:

.nf
adb push otr_keystore \\
    /data/data/info.guardianproject.otr.app.im/files/otr_keystore
.fi

.SH WARNING!
This is very alpha software, do not rely on it for strong identity
verification.  It is unlikely to mess up so bad as to produce
compromised private keys, but anything is possible.  Also, keep in
mind that program is handling your private OTR keys, so make sure that
you don't leave the That said, testing and feedback is greatly
appreciated, so we can get it to the point where we can trust it.
.SH OPTIONS
One and only one option must be specified.  The option chooses which
app's files will be converted to Gibberbot format.
.TP
.B \-\-adium
Read files from Adium
.TP
.B \-\-irssi
Read files from IRSSI
.TP
.B \-\-jitsi
Read files from Jitsi
.TP
.B \-\-pidgin
Read files from Pidgin
.SH AUTHOR
otrfileconverter was written by Hans-Christoph Steiner <hans@eds.org>.
.PP
